Chapter 422: Nothing Short Of Incredible

“I want Space Runes, Matter Runes, and any other abstract concepts that could relate to them. I don’t care about the quality of the rune,” Noah said, not wasting a second before cutting straight to the chase. “I’ll also accept locations of monsters that possess those runes.”

“Space and Matter?” Otto’s eyebrows rose. “Not a simple path you head down. Do you already possess any?”

“Yes.”

Technically speaking, at least. I’ve got a single Rank 1 Space Rune, but he didn’t ask what Rank it was.

“Impressive. You grow odder the more I learn about you. A domain as strong as yours at Rank 4 using Space and Matter Runes.” Otto leaned back in his chair and interlaced his fingers. “I would ask where such a talent emerged from, but I suspect you would not answer.”

“Most likely not,” Noah agreed. “Can you get the runes I asked for?”

“Who do you take me for?” Otto let out a bark of laughter. “There is very little in this kingdom that I could not get for the right price, Vermil. If you so wanted, I could get you entrance into the King family itself. Access to Monster Runes would more than pave the road before you in gold brick. I could arrange for Runes to take you all the way to early Rank 6 and a wife, should you wish it.”

“A kind offer, but I have no need for any of it. The only thing I desire are the runes I asked for,” Noah said with a shake of his head. “Noble families are of no use to me. I do not care for the Linwicks any more than I care for the Kings — and I certainly don’t need a wife.”

I don’t think Moxie would approve much of me getting married.

“It was worth an attempt.” Otto gave Noah a wry smile. “What rank runes were you hoping for?”

“Four or five would both be ideal, but any rank works. It depends how much you’re looking to spend for the Monster Rune.”

The noble thought for a few seconds. His fingers tapped on the wooden armrest and he looked up at the ceiling, studying the patterns within it, before returning his gaze to Noah. “This is a very expensive ask. Hundreds of thousands of gold at the absolute minimum. The runes you seek are not cheap.”

“Nor are monster runes.”

“They are when they are nothing but a novelty,” Otto countered. “A fascinating novelty with potential to be more, but still a novelty.”

“Innovation is never achieved for cheap. You have to be willing to take risk if you want to become powerful.”

“You are correct, but only a fool would spend a fortune on a whim. I am indeed willing to take risk, but all risk must be balanced. I could likely get you some of the runes you seek at a very low rank. 2, perhaps? A True Matter Rune and a True Space Rune in exchange for a new Monster Rune.”

Noah’s lips pressed together. He already had a Rank 1 Space Rune. Getting a Rank 2 on top of that definitely wouldn’t hurt, but it wasn’t the most useful. The Matter Rune was considerably more worthwhile, but it wasn’t exactly groundbreaking.

I could probably buy that at an auction… but to be fair, it would cost a ridiculous amount of gold. I really don’t want to have to auction a Monster Rune. It’ll bring way too much attention.

“If it sweetens the deal, I’ll add in a location where I believe you should be able to get the Runes you seek,” Otto offered. “It will not be easy, but if you value the time less than the money, it will serve you well.”

“Is it nearby? The transport cannon is currently indisposed.”

“I will be able to arrange for transport there,” Otto replied. “It will only be a single access. The location is controlled by the King family, so I can’t have you constantly coming in and out unless you join us.”

“I’ll pass on the joining for the time being, but I’m intrigued. What rank are the monsters in the area?”

“Three and above. They can put up quite the fight.”

That sounds like exactly what I need. No matter how hard it is to get the Runes normally, if I just Sunder all the monsters, I’ll be able to stock up on them no problem.

“I don’t suppose you can tell me more than that?”

Otto shook his head. “I believe you have all the information you need. Two Rank 2 Runes and one ticket to and from a personal hunting ground. I believe that offer is more than fair.”

I’m not sure I’d call it more than fair. Technically, I’m offering up something a lot more valuable. But he’s saving me the trouble of dealing with an auction house — and Monster Runes can’t be duplicated by humans, so that definitely limits their value to a noble house.

Stolen novel; please report.

“Alright,” Noah said, holding a hand out. “I think we have a deal. I’ll have to retrieve the Monster Rune. I don’t have it on my person right now.”

Otto took it and they shook. “That’s quite fine with me. I’ll have to retrieve what I owe you as well. I’ll send my assistant to handle the transaction tomorrow. Is that acceptable?”

“More than. Pleasure doing business with you.”

“Likewise.”

They both rose from their seats and headed back for the sealed door.

“Are your students as uniquely talented as you are?” Otto asked as he reached for the handle, pausing before he pulled it open.

“Why do you ask?”

“I’m determining if I should be making bets,” Otto said with a calculated smile. “The odds aren’t stacked well in your favor, Magus Vermil. You have everyone quite deluded, and if your students are the same… well, I never pass up an opportunity to expand my wealth.”

“Is there a way for me to bet on them myself?”

Otto let out a bark of laughter. “No. It’s against the rules. I suppose that’s answer enough.”

Damn. That would have been easy money. I imagine not betting for my own students also means I can’t bet against the people they’re going up against. Ah well.

Chatter and the sounds of sparring washed into the small room as Otto pulled the door open. He gave Noah one last nod, then stepped out without another word.

Noah could appreciate that. Otto didn’t mince words, and it seemed like the man was amiable enough. Even though Otto had asked a few leading questions to try and prod at his personal life, he hadn’t gone too far.

He’ll be a good ally to have, especially if I keep dangling Monster Runes in front of his nose. Money is a power all in itself. Having a rich bloke backing me will open up a lot of doors.

He stepped back into the crowded room, shutting the door behind him. It didn’t look like much had changed since they’d entered. Moxie and all their students still sat or stood around the table, and nobody was bothering them.

Good. Looks like we get the rest of the meeting off. Time to go stuff my face.

***

Yulin sat beside Marley at the end of the table, pushing the potatoes around her plate with her knife. Jakob had stormed off to the other side of the room after both she and Marley had been utterly trounced, and she didn’t blame him.

She couldn’t remember the last time she’d lost so badly in a fight. If it hadn’t been for years of training to control her emotions, her cheeks would been bright red with shame.

Her thoughts drifted to Magus Vermil. The sleazy-looking professor had played both of them like a fiddle, and it was her fault.

I should have recognized that he was goading Marley earlier. It was such an obvious strategy. He didn’t even fully commit to it, but I was still thrown off enough that I didn’t try to step in until it was too late.

And then Vermil had gone and given them advice after it had become completely clear how badly he’d outplayed Marley. Instead of gloating or pointing out his victory, he’d rubbed it in even harder by trying to help them.

It wasn’t like I fared any better against his student. I’ve been practicing swordcraft most of my life. How did she move like that without using runes? There’s no way she cheated. Jakob would have called her out on it. Am I really that far behind her?

Yulin’s hands clenched at her sides. She’d been in the advanced track for nearly half a year now together with Marley. They had every advantage. There was no way to justify her defeat.

Marley was up against a professor. At least he’s got an excuse.

Yulin’s hands clenched at her sides.

“You look like you ate a live crab,” Marley said, waving his fork in her direction and speaking through a full mouth

.

“That would have been preferrable,” Yulin said tersely. “How are you not more concerned with how poorly we performed?”

“Eh. Jakob will get over it,” Marley replied with a one-shouldered shrug. “What’s there to be that worried about? I mean, sure. Vermil tricked us, but he’s a professor. There aren’t any bragging rights for a professor beating a student. If anything, he should be ashamed of himself.”

Yeah, but what about me? I’m not main branch. Jakob might not take anything out on you, but I’m a different story.

“Look, it’s fine.” Marley took another bite of the cake on his plate and wiped his mouth with a napkin. “You got played this time around. Vermil tricked you and his student was better. It’s fine. The Torrin family name isn’t going to be affected. Nobody cares if a side-branch student loses a fight.”

Yulin was grateful that her fists were already clenched. It saved her from having to hide her emotions.

“Besides,” Marley said, continuing on without so much as looking away from the food on his plate, “We didn’t have to pull anything off today. We’ve got time. And to be honest, I’m happy about it.”

Yulin blinked in surprise. “Happy? Why?”

“I haven’t seen Emily since we were kids.” Marley looked across the long table to where the silver-haired girl sat with the rest of Vermil’s group. A grin pulled at the corners of his lips. “She’s a lot more attractive than I remember.”

“She is your enemy. As long as she is viewed favorably by anyone in the Torrin family, your chances of becoming the next head are at risk.”

“Bah. I’m allowed to observe facts,” Marley said. “I mean, look at her. Are you telling me that you wouldn’t at least give it a shot? Besides, she won’t contest me for the position if she’s mine.”

You’re worse than you thought Vermil was. Self-righteous prick.

“I have no desires but to serve the Torrin family,” Yulin said flatly. “That includes viewing anyone in any level of interest beyond assessing them as a threat.”

Marley snorted. “Right. Forgot. Whatever. Could you just stop sulking already? You’re ruining the mood.”

Yulin forced her hands to unclench and she straightened her back, wiping her face clean of any feeling that might have seeped onto it. But, while her features displayed serene stillness, her mind had anything but.

Alexandra’s sword flashed through her mind over and over again. Her technique was unlike anything that Yulin had ever seen before. It was nothing short of incredible.

I wonder if she was serious about that offer to spar again in the future.