Chapter 520: Zath

Noah tested the Warped Matter Rune several more times over the course of the next two hours to the exact same results that he’d gotten the first time. The attempts didn’t reveal anything new, but they did help him start to understand the rune better.

Warped Matter initially felt like it had similar destructive capabilities to Crumbling Space, but it quickly became apparent that it would be more apt to place them on opposite ends of the destructive scale.

Crumbling Space could rip through everything in its path on the way to a nearby target. It was a focused attack with a short range. The Space Rune gave a great way to cut through everything in the path between him and whoever he was trying to deal with.

Noah wouldn’t have gone as far to call Crumbling Space a scalpel, but if he did, then Warped Matter was the equivalent of a sledgehammer. It spread at a rapid pace, consuming anything in its way without regard of actually making it to whatever he was aiming at.

Its range felt like it was considerably less restrained, though a single cast drained the rune’s reserves so quickly that he didn’t manage to get its magic to go much farther than a few feet away from him.

Noah crouched by one of the deep furrows the magic had dug through the ground in a previous test. A single thick tendril had ripped through the earth in a roughly straight line, and dozens of smaller tendrils had expanded off to branch out and continue their expansion. Those tendrils had grown tendrils of their own, though they were so small that they’d only nicked the ground.

If I hadn’t run out of energy, I don’t see any signs that this would have stopped. This is going to be a really powerful rune once I get it filled up a bit more and find out how to repair some of the quality issues keeping it from being Flawless. I’ll just have to be really careful to make sure I don’t accidentally use this too close to anyone. The expansion is so uncontrolled that it might end up hitting someone I care about instead of an enemy. Fortunately, my control should improve significantly when the rune is made better.

“Did you really have to destroy our floor while testing this?” Moxie asked, scrunching her nose as she walked to stand beside Noah to look at the ravaged ground. She’d been observing his attempts over the last few hours while he worked, keeping well out of the way whenever he used the new rune.

“What, and let people watch?”

“Got me there. Any luck, then?”

“It’s strong. I’m pretty damn happy with how it turned out. As for the other new one…” Noah couldn’t keep himself from glancing at his hand again. Being able to control every single micro-movement his body made was exceedingly unerring. It hadn’t shown any signs of letting up, which was starting to make him suspect its effects might have been permanent.

I suppose it’s basically a full on Body Imbuement right now… but I didn’t intentionally imbue it. The sooner I can find a demon to start testing on, the better.

That thought gave Noah a moment of pause. He grimaced, mostly to himself, but Moxie caught it immediately. She raised an eyebrow.

“Is something wrong?”

“I was just wondering how things in my life got to the point where I would be sitting around, actively hoping that a Rank 4 demon would attack me.”

“You could always just go find one. I’m sure they’d be happy to oblige.”

“Probably could. I don’t think I’ve got any shortage of enemies, though. I don’t think I’ll have to do much. If nobody tries something soon then I’ll go looking for a target, but I’d prefer to go after people that deserve it. There are at least a few semi-decent demons in the Damned Plains. I’d hate if I went after someone that didn’t completely deserve it.”

Moxie nodded. Before she could say anything else, the tent flaps parted and Lee poked her head inside.

“Are you done yet?” Lee asked. “I’ve been keeping watch for so long. I’m bored.”

“Yeah. We’re done,” Noah said, giving her a grin. “I’ve been working on a solution to your problem.”

Lee’s eyes widened. “You have?”

Love what you’re reading? Discover and support the author on the platform they originally published on.

“I haven’t solved anything yet,” Noah said hurriedly as he raised his hands to keep Lee’s expectations from getting too high. “But it’s promising. I need to do some more testing. But, if things work out, I might have a way to start looking at Demon Runes and figuring out what the hell is wrong with them.”

“With mine?” Lee’s brow furrowed. “Or with all Demon Runes?”

“That remains to be seen. Don’t worry. No matter what, we’re going to find a way that you stay you,” Noah promised. “How’s Azel’s seal holding? Do you feel like we’re in a time crunch?”

Lee thought for a moment. Then she shook her head. “I think it’s okay. I’ve pushed it a few times since we’ve gotten to the Damned Plains, but I don’t think it’s about to collapse. There should be at least a month or two left in mortal realm time. That’s at rate I’ve been using my powers, though. It could be faster.”

“Gotcha.” Noah put a hand on Lee’s head and ruffled her hair. “That’s more than enough time. If things start lagging, I’ll just go piss off a few more people until I have everything I need to work with.”

“You’re good at that,” Lee said.

“Thank you,” Noah said. “Now, what did I miss while I was working? Any important changes or developments?”

“Some scuffles between the streetlords,” Moxie put in. “Nothing major. Aylin and Vrith handled it before Lee or I ever had to act. Information is starting to come in as the line of power gets more solidified. Nothing useful yet, just general tabs on the city.”

“Aylin is also feeding Vrith a lot,” Lee supplied. “I ate some of their food when they weren’t watching.”

“Everyone’s got to have a hobby,” Noah said idly as he scratched his chin. “And stronger demons? Any moves?”

“We’ve got attention,” Moxie said as she pulled a strip of jerky out of her pocket.

Lee’s eyes lit up.

Vines sprouted from the jerky, running down into the ground and slithering to patch over the holes that Noah’s magic had left behind. Lee’s expression crumpled as she watched her food disintegrate before her eyes. Moxie glanced at her out of the corners of her eyes, then sighed and pulled out a second strip of jerky and held it out.

Lee blurred in her haste to grab and stuff it into her mouth. Noah didn’t even see her pause to chew. Lee grinned up at Moxie and batted her eyes.

“For me? Are you sure?”

Moxie burst into laughter. “You’re supposed to ask that

before

you take something.”

“Why would I do that?” Confusion passed over Lee’s features. “If I did, you might decide to take it back.”

For a brief moment, it looked like Moxie was actually going to try to explain the idea of politely refusing something. Then she remembered who she was talking to and shook her head. She dug another strip of jerky out of her pocket and handed it to Lee, then ruffled the demon’s hair.

“Thanks for keeping an eye out on us.”

“I like food,” Lee replied.

“Do you, now?” Noah asked, fighting to hold back his own laughter. “I hadn’t figured that bit out yet. One last question — how’s Yoru doing? Is she up to anything?”

“She and Violet have been sitting in their tent. I don’t think they’re talking.”

“Eh. At least they aren’t killing each other,” Noah said. He ran a hand through his hair and let out a small sigh. “Thanks for the updates. I suppose it’s about time to head out and see how things are going myself. After all, I can’t get attacked if I don’t give the demons a target.”

***

In Treadon, Zath would have sat on a throne. He had drawn breath back before many of the Walking Cities had emerged from their shells. So many City Lords had fallen at his hand that even his blade had long since forgotten their names. Death followed in his wake and slept within his gaze. In nearly every cursed area beneath the ruddy skies of the Damned Plains, Zath could have been a king.

But, within the City of Gold, Zath knelt.

Cold obsidian pressed into his knees and distant wind howled far above him as it fled the enormous room that he had been summoned to. Flickering orange light rolled across the dark, glossy ground from bronze braziers that swayed in the wind. The delicate scent of a rose danced upon the wind, brushing past his nostrils and setting the hair on his back on end. He didn’t dare raise his head. Zath’s gaze remained focused entirely on his hands.

The pointed claws that had once emerged from his fingertips had been filed smooth and callouses covered his gray skin, each one a mark of practice that had spanned hundreds of years. He had spent his entire life killing.

But, in the face of Death itself, his achievements amounted to nothing.

“Zath,” a voice said in a tone so gentle that it seemed to envelop Zath in an embrace. “You arrived faster than I anticipated.”

“I came as soon as I heard you had sent for me,” Zath said. A massive form shifted, reflected by the firelight in the obsidian before him.

“Life is so short. There is no reason to rush,” the voice said, a faint hint of amusement entering its words. “But, since you have arrived, I will not waste your time. There is something I desire. A Rune. You will retrieve it for me.”

“Of course. I will retrieve it myself—”

“There is no need for that. You will simply arrange for it. There are things in this life that demand your attention more than an insignificant rune. Just arrange for it. I would do it myself, but my weaker subordinates tend not to survive their encounters with me.” Disappointment entered the voice and a deep sigh echoed through the chamber.

“It will be as you command,” Zath said. “I will send someone immediately. The rune will be yours before the skies brighten twice, Lord Sievan.”