Chapter 553: Ready

Noah gathered the remnants of the runic energy floating around in his mind from all the combinations and modifications, pouring every scrap of it he could manage into Empty Proliferation.

The conversion rate was far from ideal, but there was no shortage to work with. He managed to fill the rune all the way up to 25% before there was nothing left to pull from. Noah’s hands fell to his sides and he took a step back, staring at his rune in a mixture of relief and delight.

It was made from long, swooping lines that wove in and out of each other like the world’s most complicated basket. Patterns pulsed and twisted as rivers of slow-moving energy ran throughout the rune. Pressure rolled off it and pressed against Noah and the other runes in his mind. The rune slowly floated to enter the ring of other Rank 4 runes floating around him, taking its spot and settling in like it had always been there.

Noah wiped the sweat from his forehead and swallowed. It was still a little odd that he could sweat within the confines of his own mind. It wasn’t like souls had water in them to sweat with, which meant he was subconsciously imagining it. His attention was a little too focused on the newly formed rune to let him consider the implications of that.

The inky floor of Noah’s soul was covered with hairline fractures pulsing with brilliant white light. All the combinations and extractions had done a number to him. Even though he didn’t quite have a headache, his skull still throbbed with discomfort.

Just a bit longer.

Noah stepped past the cracks and made his way over to Empty Proliferation. He pressed a hand to the rune’s surface and extended his mind, letting it brush over the newly formed rune. Power rolled forth, flooding into his mind as he opened the gates holding it back.

He drew on Empty Proliferation, twisting and tugging on the energy as he observed the pressure coming from the rune’s body. It remained perfectly uniform. No changes occurred to the power rolling off the rune.

A grin pulled across Noah’s lips and he released Empty Proliferation. A laugh forced its way from his chest. There was absolutely no issue within the rune. It was flawless.

That brought his total number of flawless runes up to two — Natural Disaster and now Empty Proliferation. He’d been getting a fair bit of use out of Warped Matter and Crumbling Space and was fairly confident he’d be able to properly remake them fairly soon.

Which means I’m only going to need 3 more Disaster Runes before I can reach Rank 5. I haven’t gotten a mobility related Space Rune yet, which is next on my list, so I’m only short on 2 concepts before I make it. Not bad at all.

Maybe I can wheedle Sievan out of a few runes when we meet. He does want a Master Rune from me… I think a few Rank 5 Space Runes would be a fair offer in return. If Sieven is super rich, he won’t even notice a few missing Rank 5 Runes. Maybe I could get some for Moxie and Lee as well. This could be really profitable.

Then again, he could be a stingy evil bastard. I don’t imagine he became the strongest Demon Lord in the Damned Plains by handing out flowers to little kids. Suppose there’ll only be one way to find out. As long as I get something out of the deal and hopefully point him in Wizen’s direction in the process of it, I don’t think I can complain.

He took a step back and let the Mind Rune float back to its proper location. There was no way to test the full range of its abilities yet — he needed someone else for that, and it would have to be someone that didn’t particularly like him.

Noah took one final look around his mindspace.

I’m ready. These are all the preparations I can do in here for now. Just need to clean up house.

His senses lifted upward, extending toward the Fragment of Renewal floating far above him. The Master Rune lowered, pearlescent energy roaring to life as Noah drew on its strength. Refreshing rivers of magic caressed his body as his fingers contacted the enormous rune’s surface.

With a thought, Noah released it into his mind. Streams of cooling magic erupted from him and poured into his soul. Gentle energy glimmered in the darkness as it stitched the white cracks shut, slowly healing the extensive damage he’d done to himself.

A relieved breath slipped free of Noah’s lips. Tension he hadn’t even noticed slipped free from his shoulders and his posture relaxed. The dull throb in the back of his head relented and his muscles loosened like he’d just had an incredible massage.

Noah’s gaze fell to the Fragment of Self as his soul pieced itself back together all around him. His head tilted to the side slightly, confusion working its way into his thoughts. He still hadn’t forgotten how it hadn’t counted as a proper Rune.

Body Runes count against you. If they didn’t, then Alexandra would have absolutely no trouble reaching the next rank. So why doesn’t the Fragment of Self?

This could have something to do with Lee’s problem.

But what?

Noah’s stare bored into the rune imbued into the floor of his soul, but no answers came forth. He had absolutely no idea why the Rune of Self wouldn’t count as a rune.

A case of literary theft: this tale is not rightfully on Amazon; if you see it, report the violation.

There has to be an explanation, and I think demons have the answer somewhere. I need to test things on more demons. Coming up with theories isn’t going to do me any good if there’s no way to validate them.

Noah shook his head and peeled his eyes away from the rune. His soul had almost completely healed from the damage riddling it.

Something told him that, even if Zath could be distracted forever, it probably wasn’t the best idea to keep Sievan waiting for

too

long.

It was time to go back and face the real world.

***

Wizen strode down a hallway made of solid gold brick. He’d found himself doing a lot of that as of late, but this one was different.

This was the last hallway he would ever have to walk down.

A faint grin pulled at the corner of his lips. This hall had been quite a bother to find. It was ironic. After he’d wasted so much time crushing worthless demons, the one that had finally given him what he needed had been the only one they’d all seen as worthless.

The demon in question trailed behind him, the artifact where her heart should have been humming with weak energy. Every click Wizen’s staff made against the metal beneath their feet made her flinch, but she hadn’t so much as emerged from his shadow once.

“You didn’t kill Tixen,” the demon girl said, her voice echoing through the long hall. It was the first time she’d spoken since they’d entered the hall. “Why?”

“Because he did not waste my time,” Wizen replied without missing a step. There were too many of those to take for him to delay his arrival by stopping. He was starting to grow irritated by just how long this hallway was. He and the demon had been walking through it for over an hour, and there was still no end in sight.

Meaningless power games. Sievan must have the walls imbued to stretch space within this pathway. He should know I am coming by now. There would be no purpose to allow anyone a passage directly to him if he did not watch to see who used it. Sievan does not accept challengers because he does not view them as a worthy threat. This hallway is a challenge.

“Is that why you didn’t kill me?” the girl asked.

No.

“Yes,” Wizen replied. “Indiscriminate death is purposeless. It is a waste of my time and energy. All things must be done for a reason. A man who acts without intention is one who has already lost.”

The demon fell silent, which Wizen quite preferred. It had been a very long time since he’d enjoyed partaking in small talk.

Silence was ideal for determining —

“Why are you looking for Lord Sievan?”

“The same reason that anyone ever seeks someone else out,” Wizen replied. “I want something from him.”

“What is it? You’re already so strong. You could get anything you wanted with power like that, but Sievan is going to kill you. Then you won’t be able to get anything anymore.”

“It is none of your concern,” Wizen replied.

“Oh.”

The demon didn’t say anything else.

They walked in silence for several more minutes.

Wizen’s lip twitched slightly. His hand tightened around the head of his staff and he repressed an annoyed sigh.

“I cannot have what I desire.”

“What?”

The clack of Wizen’s cane against the ground came to a halt as he stopped walking. A moment later, the demon trailing behind him walked straight into his back. She let out a surprised yelp and hopped a foot back, but Wizen didn’t so much as turn in her direction.

“You asked why I seek Sievan,” Wizen replied. “The reason is that I cannot claim what I desire with what I have now. My power is not sufficient.”

“There’s something that

you

can’t do? You killed a Rank 7 Demon! You’re like a god!”

Wizen’s lips curled upward. “Godhood is a matter of perspective. There are no gods. There are only those who ascended to greater heights. Sievan is no more a god than I am. All those who attain true strength come to understand that it is relative.”

“Oh. I guess I won’t understand it, then.”

“Demons are a flawed race, but it is not impossible for you to attain strength,” Wizen said, starting to walk once again. “I hold nothing but distain for your kind, but Sievan is far greater than I.”

“You’re not a demon?”

“No. I am a human. Unbound by my runes and free to live as I desire. For the moment, we are alike. You have not reached Rank 4 yet. But, when you do, your free will be crushed by your own desires. You will become a slave within your own body.”

“Oh.” The demoness was silent for several more seconds. “I won’t have to worry about that. I’m not going to make it to Rank 4.”

Wizen looked back over his shoulder at the demon girl. She was walking with her arms crossed over her belly, as if she had a stomach ache. “Power can be claimed by any who are determined enough to grasp it.”

“My soul is too small. It can’t handle Runes correctly, and the runes I do have are destroying my body. I’m going to die before I hit Rank 2,” the girl said in a matter of fact tone. She tapped her chest with a finger. “I stole this from a shipment coming into the city. It’s a Rune Crystal from the Black Reaches. I thought implanting it into my heart might fix me. It gave me a bit of energy, but that was it.”

“You stole from a shipment? You?”

“That’s why my name is Sticky. It’s easy to nab things when nobody thinks you’re a threat.” A sheepish grin flitted across her lips and she uncrossed her arms, revealing a small pouch. She held it out to him. “I’m sorry. I can’t help myself. It just happens.

Wizen’s eyes widened and his hand shot to his side. His coin pouch was missing. Disbelief washed over his features.

Her aura is so weak that my domain barely even picks her up. She actually managed to get the jump on me? A rank 1 demon?

“Keep it. I do not need coin,” Wizen said with a shake of his head.

“You’re not mad?”

“It is my own failiure that allowed you to steal from me. Growing irate over incompetence is the act of a fool. “Maybe you can buy another Rune Crystal.”

“Can’t. Stabbed the last one into my heart. No room for another.”

What kind of fool drives a Rune Crystal into their own heart just in hopes that it’ll absorb the energy?

“I see,” Wizen said.

He turned back to the hall — and froze.

The hallway was gone.

All that stood before him was a plain stone door, devoid of any marking or identifying features. Cold determination set into Wizen’s features. The time for conversation was over. Every single piece was in place.

Years of planning had all led up to this moment.

Sievan was ready for him.